Hi everyone, my name is Lydia Hallie.
I'm a software engineer and
mainly focused on JavaScript and
today I'll be giving yet
another kind of quiz formatted workshop.
If you see my last one on the web
development quiz you'll already be kind of
familiar with this format.
It's a Q&A style of 50 questions in
total of various topics in JavaScript
that you'll encounter like event loop,
closures, classes, prototypes.
Just a lot of random stuff and
also just like miscellaneous content like
numbers and week maps, all that stuff.
So I'll give you like a couple
minutes to answer the questions and
then I'll give the answer
in as much depth as I can.
So that's what we're gonna be doing today.
I hope that it's gonna be useful for
all of you.
And of course, if you have any questions
about any of this, please let me know.
I'll love to answer them.